c:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\Python\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\bin\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.exe
c:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\Python\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\bin\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.deps.json
c:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\Python\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\bin\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\Python\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\bin\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.dll
c:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\Python\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\bin\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.pdb
c:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\Python\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\Python\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\Python\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\Python\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\Python\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.dll
c:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\Python\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\tiposPrimitivos.dll
c:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\Python\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.pdb
c:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\Python\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\Python\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\tiposPrimitivos.dll
C:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\c#\DigixAprendizagens\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\bin\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.exe
C:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\c#\DigixAprendizagens\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\bin\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.deps.json
C:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\c#\DigixAprendizagens\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\bin\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\c#\DigixAprendizagens\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\bin\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.dll
C:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\c#\DigixAprendizagens\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\bin\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.pdb
C:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\c#\DigixAprendizagens\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\c#\DigixAprendizagens\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\c#\DigixAprendizagens\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\c#\DigixAprendizagens\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\c#\DigixAprendizagens\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\c#\DigixAprendizagens\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.dll
C:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\c#\DigixAprendizagens\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\tiposPrimitivos.dll
C:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\c#\DigixAprendizagens\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.pdb
C:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\c#\DigixAprendizagens\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\tiposPrimitivos.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\willdanthealaman\Documents\Willdanthe\c#\DigixAprendizagens\Teste\Aula 1 cs\tiposPrimitivos\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\tiposPrimitivos.dll
